#systemctl list-units --type service

----------------------------------------------------

console-setup.service          loaded active exited  Set console font and keym
cron.service                   loaded active running Regular background progra
dbus.service                   loaded active running D-Bus System Message Bus
getty@tty1.service             loaded active running Getty on tty1
ifup@eth0.service              loaded active exited  ifup for eth0
irqbalance.service             loaded active running irqbalance daemon
keyboard-setup.service         loaded active exited  Set the console keyboard
kmod-static-nodes.service      loaded active exited  Create list of required s
networking.service             loaded active exited  Raise network interfaces
rsyslog.service                loaded active running System Logging Service
ssh.service                    loaded active running OpenBSD Secure Shell serv
systemd-journal-flush.service  loaded active exited  Flush Journal to Persiste
systemd-journald.service       loaded active running Journal Service
systemd-logind.service         loaded active running Login Service
systemd-machine-id-commit.service loaded active exited  Commit a transient mac
systemd-modules-load.service   loaded active exited  Load Kernel Modules
systemd-random-seed.service    loaded active exited  Load/Save Random Seed
systemd-remount-fs.service     loaded active exited  Remount Root and Kernel F
systemd-sysctl.service         loaded active exited  Apply Kernel Variables
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service loaded active exited  Create Static Device
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service loaded active exited  Create Volatile Files and
systemd-udev-trigger.service   loaded active exited  udev Coldplug all Devices
systemd-udevd.service          loaded active running udev Kernel Device Manage
systemd-update-utmp.service    loaded active exited  Update UTMP about System
systemd-user-sessions.service  loaded active exited  Permit User Sessions
user@1000.service              loaded active running User Manager for UID 1000
vboxadd-service.service        loaded active running vboxadd-service.service
vboxadd.service                loaded active exited  vboxadd.service
